+++
author = "Christopher Leggett"
title = "Grindlists"
date = 2021-08-13T09:42:56-04:00
description =
tags = ["gaming", "organization", "graphql", "api", "grindlists", "go"]
categories = ["Portfolio"]
github = "https://github.com/leggettc18/grindlists
image =
portfolio_score = 1000
+++

Grindlists is a web application designed to help gamers organize their grinding
sessions. For any readers who don't know what that means, sometimes a game
requires a player to collect materials to complete a quest or craft an item.
Sometimes those items also require crafting intermediate items, and it can be a
lot to keep track of. The goal of Grindlists is to help gamers keep track of
what items they need, how many they need, and where those items can be found.

Grindlists is comprised of a React Frontend and a GraphQL backend. It currently
uses JWT token-based authentication (with plans to implement OAuth support), a 
PostgresQL database for storage, and a Redis server for caching. The main thing
I experimented with when building this project is code generators, which I will
elaborate on below.

The Backend for Grindlists is written in Go. The GraphQL server was generated
[gqlgen](https://gqlgen.com/), which handles most of the boilerplate code for you, but leaves the
non-trivial resolvers (basically anything that needs to interact with the database)
for the developer to implement themselves. Said database interaction code was 
generated by [sqlc](https://sqlc.dev/), which generates database code based on a schema file
written in SQL, and a file describing SQL queries, written in SQL with some extra
comments. The generated code is then wrapped up in an interface that can add
additional methods for any database operations that are easier written in Go by
combining other existing database queries (Creating an Item and adding it to a
list at the same time, for example).

The Frontend is written in React with Typescript. The code generation happening
here is with [graphql-codegen](https://www.graphql-code-generator.com/), which generates code to interface with the
GraphQL API and properly assign types to the response data. The rest of it is a 
fairly standard React + Next.js app.

There is currently no live demo for Grindlists, and not all of the API functionality
has been implemented in the frontend yet. However, feel free to check it out
on GitHub, if you have Docker, docker-compose and Make, then the dev environemnt
setup is pretty simple to do.